Humpty Dumpty had a great fall all the
king's horses and all the king's men
couldn't put Humpty Dumpty together
again I'm pretty sure you're familiar is
not you don't Kieran but have you ever
wondered why he felt maybe why I was an
egg you didn't shave my hops you don't
just like the sunrise in the boat so let
me tell you
Humphrey Thomas Dumpty otherwise known
as Humpty Dumpty lived a life far more
than what was described in the poem he
was a terrible man
he was intelligent took their goals
Narain terror in many lands he was an
unstoppable force a one-man army
it was his arrival it's often changed
everything
omelette was a well-fortified Kingdom
and was expecting Humpty Dumpty Dumpty
expected resistance an omelette did not
disappoint
both of
why would I want to do that
and you actually believe you can defeat
me power rules the world my friend in
eventually your King was surrendered to
my absolute power what are you doing
here little girl you'll pay for what
you've done
is that the girl was the powerful ray
the guardian spirit or the peaceful land
of woman what does she then tell aunty
aunty from the heart command too fragile
a the citizens anomaly saw Humpty
Dumpty's transformation and went to
catch him they chase Humpty Dumpty
around until finally they found refuge
above the walls or so he thought
this version without setup to tell
myself I guarantee